(Val)
That's everything.
Alright.
Here's your crap.
Get out.
Honey, your dad is coming
all the way from Japan.
Why can't I meet
my father-in-law?
Because your father-in-law
doesn't know
he's a father-in-law
and he ain't gonna find out
'cause you're not coming back
till he's gone.
Okay, so what you're saying is,
you want me back.
No, what I'm saying is
my father cannot know anything
about what happened
in Atlantic City
or my unfortunate
lapse of judgment.
Oh, come on!
Baby, you were blitzed.
He'll understand.
Okay. So, bye, Vic.
Go ahead.
No! Why does Vic
have to leave?
So you had a drunken marriage.
Big deal.
You're an adult.
How much longer are you
gonna need daddy's approval?
I don't know.
You know what?
What is wrong with me?
Why am I always so worried
that my Dad's
not gonna approve of me?
You're right.
I am an adult.
I am gonna be
totally honest with dad.
Aw!
There you go, little one.
Right after you tell him
you quit college.
You know, what pop don't know
won't hurt him.
Out you go, fireman.
♪ I just wanna say ♪
♪ Life wouldn't be
the same here without you ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Through the good and bad ♪
♪ Of all that
we've been through ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Hold onto me ♪
♪ And I'll return it ♪
♪ With nothing less
than all of me ♪
♪ I'll never feel alone again ♪
♪ If you walk beside me ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[indistinct talking]
Well, I'm sorry
but I want my Dad to like you.
So when you meet him,
I want you to shake his hand
look him in the eye and then
laugh at all his jokes.
Holly. I got it.
I've met tons of girls' dads,
and they always..
Maybe I should just look pretty.
What am I worried about?
He's gonna love you.
Even if your pants
have holes and...cheese!
Crap. I'm wearing
my cheese pants.
Yeah, on the day
you're meeting my dad.
I should go wash 'em, huh?
Huh!
- Hey, baby. Is the coast clear?
- What're you doing here?
Go away. My Dad's
gonna be here any minute.
Well, I would have
but you took my wallet
and packed your phone
in my pillowcase.
I probably put it in my bag
thinking it was my phone.
It's in the bag.
Go get it! Hurry! Go, go, go!
Honey, honey,
would you just relax?
Okay?
Your Dad loves you.
I mean, how could he not?
You're an amazing woman.
Oh, that's so sweet of you.
Thank you.
- Val!
- Ohh! Beat it!
Daddy!
- Hi!
- Oh, we missed you!
Oh, my God.
Do you like the place?
We just had it redone.
Your hair looks so good.
Are you hungry
after your flight meal?
Oh, I can make you a panini!
I missed you, too.
Oh, my God, look at you.
You're all grown up.
You look so beautiful!
Aw, thanks, dad.
Yeah, isn't she pretty?
Daddy, hi.
Yoo-hoo.
Hi. Oh, God, you look great.
It's been so long.
I can't wait to show you
my profit-loss statements.
Stay right there.
Dad, I want you
to meet my boyfriend.
Uh, this isn't pee.
I was just wiping off cheese.
You'll forgive me.
Pleasure to meet you, Henry.
Ben.
A-actually, it's Vince.
I'm making a joke.
[laughs]
Laugh at his jokes
and look him in the eye!
[laughs]
Oh. Okay.
Daddy, here are my books.
My accounts payable
and my accounts receivable
are so to the penny.
Dad...Vince and I
really want to take you
for a bike ride
in Central Park.
Unless you want
to do math with Val.
Excuse me.
I was talking to daddy.
I think you mean
you were boring daddy.
Well, I may be boring but you--
V-Vic!
Vic!
Hey, have you met Val's--
Personal trainer.
Yeah, uh, what are you
doing here, personal trainer?
Um, well, we have
an appointment
for the personal training.
Yes, well,
I'm gonna have to cancel
that seeing as my Dad's here.
Yeah, I'm not gonna be
able to see you all week.
You have a personal trainer?
What a great idea.
Why? Do you think I'm fat?
Dad, why don't you
sit down and relax
and I'll make you
a delicious cup of coffee.
Well, I'll make you
a deliciouser one.
- What is wrong with you?
- Me?
What is wrong with you?
I just want five minutes
alone with dad
to show him what a success
I've become.
Well, I really want him
to like Vince.
And Vince has already made
a horrible impression!
Okay, you're not whispering.
Girls, girls, get over here.
Right here, daddy.
This is Toshi Yamamora,
my girlfriend's brother.
Hello.
Toshi is a chef in Japan.
His food is so amazing,
I'm setting him up
in his own restaurant
here in the city.
Oh.
I get a free e-card
for my birthday.
This one gets a restaurant.
Well, I'd be honored
if you would all be
my guests for dinner tonight.
- All?
- But you.
Don't you have a client
tonight, there, trainer?
Yes, but you just canceled.
Well, perfect.
Then you'll all come.
Oh, well, hi, daddy!
Pardonez moi!
Excuse me.
Well, the girls did not tell me
that you were tall,
silver and handsome.
Call me Mommy. Just let me
feel the beat of that.
[instrumental music]
Come on, faster.
Dinner's at 8:00.
I know but it's only 7:00.
I know but I need to spend
alone time with daddy.
- Without that Holly.
- Alright, now, come on.
I got 3-inch heels on and I'm
still moving faster than you.
Is this how you run into
a burning building?
Hey, I'm doing it on purpose,
watching you from behind.
Very sexy.
Oh, too sexy?
Oh, great.
Now daddy's gonna think
I'm a whore.
Earlier today,
he told me I was fat.
Now I'm a fat whore.
Come on, we only have an hour
of alone time with daddy
for you to make a better
second first impression.
- Uh-oh.
- What?
Oh, no, you found more cheese.
- Unbelievable!
- Oh, my God!
You came early so you could
spend time with daddy
you little sneak!
Well, where do you think
I learned it?
Hmm...um, not in college!
Why are you always trying
to steal my thunder?
You know I need this time
with daddy
so he can learn
all about my fantastic
achievements and applaud them.
Did you see the impression
that Vince left?
Dad is only here two days
and every second is crucial.
Again in earshot.
God, come on,
what kind of family
did I marry into, huh?
My father-in-law
is only in town for two days.
Is this the way
you want to spend it?
- Fighting, huh?
- Yeah!
Come on.
Aw!
Okay, how immature are we?
So.
- I'm sorry.
- Me too.
- Love you!
- I love you.
You ever wish
we could be sisters?
No.
[instrumental music]
You know what, Val?
When we get to our table,
I want you to sit next to dad.
I know how much this time
with him means to you.
And tonight can be your night.
I'll find time with him
tomorrow.
Oh, you are so sweet!
Where do you think
I've learned it?
(both)
Aw!
Okay. I'm gonna
go get us a drink.
Okay.
But I'm gonna find daddy first!
Jeez!
Think I was born yesterday,
dropout?
[sighs]
Well, let me tell you something
drunken married lady.
Dad is gonna freak out
so much more from what you did
than from what I did.
We'll just see
about that, won't we?
Indeed we will.
[gasps]
(both)
Oh, my God!
- What?
- What happened?
Our, our, our, our--
Okay, Val, Val, Val!
Relax, honey.
Use your words.
[exhales]
Our father...was just in there
making out with his
girlfriend's brother Toshi!
(both)
What?
Kissing...necking
man-on-man action!
Okay, uh, well
well, the, um, the good news is
this is way bigger
than both of your secrets.
(Vince)
Oh, ho, ho, ho!
My cheese pants
pale by comparison!
[instrumental music]
I can't believe
my father was just
getting down with another man.
Does this come in a large?
So...if you're a guy
and you make out
with another guy once
does that mean you're gay?
- Yes.
- No.
Hi. Sorry I'm late.
I wanted to make my grand
entrance for the silver fox.
- Knock yourself out.
- Good luck with that.
Gay.
Hey, guys!
Well, this place is awesome.
Your dad and Toshi
did a great job decorating.
- Yeah.
- So?
- Surprise, surprise.
- Gay.
Oh, God, he's coming over!
He's coming over!
- Oh, what do we do?
- Okay, act natural, okay?
- Hello, father.
- Lovely weather.
Ah, girls, you look so
so amazing tonight!
Toshi wanted me
to bring this over just for you.
Oh, well, everything
looks so great, daddy.
Anything else...coming out?
Because whatever does come out
we will love.
No, I think, I think
everything's out.
Oh, wait. Toshi just gave me
a special hand roll.
[coughs]
[laughs]
- Wasabi.
- Spicy. Spicy.
I am just so happy
that you're all here.
It's a very special night
for Toshi and me and..
I want to say a few words.
Toshi! Would you, would you
come in here, please?
He's coming out! He's
coming out! He's coming out!
A little louder
and he won't have to.
I...after spending a long time
thinking about this
I am 100% sure that this is
the right thing to do.
Toshi is incredible.
So, tonight
I'm proud to announce
he's not only my chef.
He's my partner.
Say something!
Uh, uh, daddy,
I'd just like to say
Toshi seems
like a wonderful man.
Yeah, you guys
are so cute together
all tall and short.
[laughs]
And, um, well,
we're just so glad
that you chose tonight
to share with us something
that I'm sure was very difficult
for you because, you know
y-y-you've never
been gay before.
What?
You know.
You and Toshi, partners.
No, I meant business partners.
[laughs nervously]
'We're now business partners.'
Ha...ha.
Tell him about
what we saw in the kitchen.
We-we-we-we-we
we saw the two of you
in the kitchen
not being business partners..
Well, um...this isn't
the time or place
to discuss this.
Excuse us.
You know...I think
that's why I'm the favorite.
[instrumental music]
It's like all of a sudden
our whole life
has changed, y'know?
I mean, everything we knew
about dad is different.
He's the same but he has this
whole other life.
Do you think dad ever calls
Toshi "Tushy?"
You know, uh...in Japan
families often
drink tea together
to celebrate
a successful harvest.
Or when the Dad
tells his kids he's gay.
So, what should we toast to?
The blue states.
How about...to my girls
who I love more than
anything in this whole world?
So, how about that?
Your dad's gay.
I think it's great.
It's a little shocking.
All these years, I really
thought mom was a woman.
Holly!
Your mother,
she was an incredible woman.
She was my soul mate.
Okay, so, how did it happen?
What happened?
You just said that mom
was your soul mate.
Did she know?
When did you make
the old...switcharooney?
No, she didn't know.
I didn't know.
Well, at least not for sure
until about three years ago.
Okay, so, he turned gay
three years ago.
The wife, may she rest in peace,
had no clue.
But he loved her.
They were soul mates.
Lauren, do you really think
you should be listening?
No.
No, I should be watching, too.
When I met your m..
when I first met your mother
we were both 18
and I didn't know who I was.
'I just knew that I was
in love with this girl.'
And I thank God every day
that I was
'cause she gave me
the greatest gift of my life.
Me.
The greatest two gifts
of my life.
And you know what, this is why
I-I haven't come home
the last couple of years.
I was afraid that you'd hate me.
Hate you?
How could we hate you?
You're everything to us.
Daddy, we don't care
who you're in love with.
Just as long as you're happy.
You have no idea
how much that means to me.
Why can't my daddy be gay?
[sighs]
Ha!
I got to tell you
what a, what a relief it is
to finally be honest with you.
And I promise I will never
keep anything from you again.
This is so nice.
We all love each other,
no matter what.
Like if Val did something
drunk and stupid.
And I did something
that many, many, many
other kids my age do.
We'd all still love
each other, right?
Is there something
that you two want to tell me?
Yes.
Daddy, uh...there's something
I really have been
wanting to get off my chest.
[sighs]
Holly quit college!
Val got drunk and got married!
You're married?
- You got married?
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
It was a huge mistake!
I'm getting it annulled!
Please, don't be
disappointed in me.
And again, Holly quit college!
How could you keep something
like this from me?
Marrying Vic, that's huge!
Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
How'd you know it was Vic?
Honey, I'm gay, not blind.
And as for you, young lady
we'll talk about this later.
Girls...your new mommy and I
have a great idea.
We have so much to celebrate.
Let's go out and party!
Oh, yes, I love that idea.
I work so hard every day.
Unlike the rest
of my generation
who are partying away
their Dad's money at college.
Not me, daddy.
[piano music]
[applauds]
Hey, you know what?
It's kind of fun being gay.
Oh, come on, you're not
cute enough to be a gay guy.
You are.
[music resumes]
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You know what?
Let's do "Maybe This Time"
from "Cabaret."
Oh, come on, like you don't
all know the words.
And you gave me such a look
when I asked you
to be my sister.
Look at your husband.
How cute is that?
He's such a show-tune queen.
Who knew?
I guess that's what you get
when you marry a guy
after two hours.
Okay, I know it was
a horrible mistake.
I-I mean, how could
I have screwed up so badly?
Now, don't you ever
give yourself a break?
Well, I like to criticize myself
before other people do.
Well maybe if you'd stop,
you'd see that no one else is.
Honey...don't get out of this.
- What?
- Don't end this marriage.
You're in love with him.
Oh, my God!
So not.
Honey...honey!
Look at me.
- Look at me. Look, look, look.
- What?
You're in love with him
and he's in love with you.
I have been watching
the two of you all night.
Oh, please, just 'cause
you're gay, you're suddenly
all intuitive?
We're a very sensitive people.
It also helps
that I'm your father
and I know you
better than anyone.
Now, tell me...what are you
afraid of?
Sharks, bears
leaving the house
with the flatiron on.
Getting your heart broken?
No.
Yes.
I'll tell you what, sweetie.
Get over it.
To be in love
with someone who loves you
and not go for it
just because you're scared..
Oh, trust me
you're gonna miss out
on an awful lot.
Yeah but you haven't had
every guy walk out on you.
Well, did you ever think
that if they didn't
you wouldn't
have ended up with Vic?
When it's the right guy
he won't leave.
[instrumental "Summer Nights"]
All I'm asking you, honey
is to think about it, because..
I love this song,
and I've got to go sing.
♪ Summer lovin' had me a blast ♪
♪ Summer lovin'
happened so fast ♪
♪ Met a boy crazy for me ♪
♪ Met a guy cute as can be ♪
♪ Summer days drifting away to ♪
♪ Uh-oh those summer nights ♪
♪ Oh well-a well-a
well-a uh ♪
♪ Tell me more tell me more ♪
♪ Did you get very far? ♪
♪ Like does he have a car? ♪
♪ Uh-huh uh-huh ♪
♪ She swam by me ♪
♪ She got a cramp ♪
♪ He went by me ♪
♪ Got my suit damp ♪♪
[theme music]